                         OOPs
Garbage Collector :
            Garbage Collector is nothing but, it is a feature provided by CLR which helps us to clean or destroy unused 
            managed objects. Cleaning or destroying those unused managed objects basically reclaim the memory.

Access Specifiers :
            Private : When we declare a type member (variable, property, method, constructor, etc) as private, then we can
                     access that member within the class only.
            Public : When we declare a type member (variable, property, method, constructor, etc) as public, then we can access
                     that member from anywhere.
            Protected : protected members are available within the parent class (i.e. the containing type) as well as to the 
                        child/derived classes (classes derived from the containing type). 
            Internal : available anywhere within the containing assembly. It’s a compile-time error to access an internal member
                       from outside the containing assembly.
            Protected Internal : Protected Internal Members in C# can be accessed anywhere within the same assembly i.e. in which
                                 it is declared or from within a derived class from another assembly.
            Private Protected : The private protected members are accessible within the class and within the derived class of the
                                 same assembly but cannot be accessed from another assembly.

Abstraction:  process of defining a class by providing necessary details to call the object operations (i.e. methods) by hiding its
            implementation details

Inheretance : he members defined in one class can be consumed from another class by establishing a parent/child relationship between
              the classes.
Polymorphism : Polymorphism is a concept by which we can perform a single task in different ways.

Struct and Classes :
             Struct is a value type and class is a reference type so whatever differences hold for reference type and value types hold
             for struct and classes too.

Interface: Interface members are public by default and no explicit access modifiers are allowed.Can contains declaration not implementation.

