                                 C# Net Basics
  Basic Structure of C#:
                 understand the Basic Structure of the C# Program using a Console Application.

  Methods and Properties of Console Application:
                 There are many methods and Properties are available in the Console class.
  Data Types :
                i gone through different Data Types and their uses.
 
  Literals :    Gone through literals,The fixed values are called Literals in C#. Here 'Literal' is a value that is used
                by the variables.

  Type Casting :
                Here we have two types of type casting. 1.Implicit
                                                        2.explicit
                 In 'Implicit' Type conversion, the smaller types are converted to larger data types and hence, there is no 
                 loss of data during the conversion.
                 In 'Explicit' Type casting, The larger data types can be converted into smaller datatype. 
                     Ex : original value is 1.23 whereas the converted value is 1.
  Variables :  
                I Gone through different kinds of variables a class can have and their behavior.
                 1. Non-Static/Instance Variable
                 2. Static Variable
                 3. Constant Variable
                 4. Readonly Variable
 Operators : 
               Operators in C# are symbols that are used to perform operations on operands. For example, consider the expression
               2 + 3 = 5, here 2 and 3 are operands and + and = are called operators.
               Gone through Different Kinds of operators.
                 1. Arithmetic Operators
                 2. Relational Operators
                 3. Logical Operators
                 4. Bitwise Operators
                 5. Assignment Operators
                 6. Unary Operators or
                 7. Ternary Operator or Conditional Operator
  
 Control Flow Statements :
                The Control Flow Statements are useful to write better and more complex programs.
                gone through different types of Control Statements.
                 1. Selection Statements or Branching Statements: (Examples: if-else, switch case, nested if-else, if-else ladder)
                 2. Iteration Statements or Looping Statements: (Examples: while loop, do-while loop, for-loop, and foreach loop)
                 3. Jumping Statements: (Examples: break, continue, return, goto)

 If-Else Statements :
                Here, the block of statements executes only when the condition is true. And if the condition is false, then it will
                skip the execution of the statements. Using else block is optional in C#.

  Switch Statements :
                 When there are several options and we have to choose only one option from the available options 
                 depending on a single condition then we need to go for a switch statement.The default block in the 
                 switch statement is optional.
  Nested Switch Statements :
                 Whenever we create a switch statement inside another switch statement, then it is said to be a nested 
                 switch statement and this is allowed in C#. 
                 
  

  
